don't fall for me farm boy enough time
for you felt the attraction from square
one just felt like that romance was very
special and and and that's what drove
the series without a doubt you know he
gets introduced to her in a threatening
way it's like here's your guy that's
gonna work with you
and I think to sort of a control-freak
perfectionist personality like Louis
that very first thing is like I don't
work with him
the idea that teri hatcher the Lois Lane
character would be so smart and
ambitious and strong that she would just
have disdain for the second-rate
reporter was funny because you're just
waiting waiting for her head to turn you
know part of Lois's secret identity is
that she's not presenting her true self
either she's this I've got it all
handled I can do everything you know I'm
in control we're inside she's really
just a lonely needy I need to be loved
person she is someone a little bit
different on the inside than she
portrays on the outside which is all the
same things that that Clark is and maybe
he understands for having to put on her
rough exterior to you know protect that
that inside softness my favorites are
that the boy and girl don't know they
love each other yet we the audience know
because that's what the deal is you know
what's gonna happen I mean he's great
looking she's great looking they're both
smart they both have admiration for each
come on come on get to the party it's a
complicated dance the push and pull and
are they're together and you want to get
them together and it's they should it's
a natural organic thing I was trying to
have him actually never catch her get
very very close to what they think will
be the perfect moment in their lives and
then have it not happened for one reason
or another and I think that was going to
be the key to the success of the series
everybody was writing in and saying
can listen Clark finally unite and and
we backed off and we held off from from
doing that because the sexual tension
was so great between the two of them he
always wanted to see more and we always
wanted to give just a little bit less
because we knew there was too you know
so far they could go I think about my
favorite movies are like Tootsie and you
know an American president you know and
that's sort of it's never gonna work out
between the guy and the girl story and
you root for them we all want to have
that magical fantasy relationship where
someone you know loves us and we don't
think it's going to work out and it does
everybody wants to find their mate the
person that that makes life more fun and
and and who complements them I don't
know specifically what it is about those
characters but I wanted them together
too